1. What the app will do:
Users can view car maintenance services from available dealers in the area. Dealers can make profiles where they provide services, availability, pickup and drop-off hours and location. User can select and add services where total cost will be figured. User can add ratings and comments on dealer profile. Once user adds services and selects schedule appointment, an email is sent to user to confirm. User can add their cars to their profile and get service information based on mileage.
2. What technologies they expect their app to implement
Material UI, EmalJS
3. Who will be responsible for each part of the app:
Trace - Profile pages, database getting service information, total cost of service, api routes, material UI
Arti - Login/Signup, database setup and posting user information, html routes, material UI, emailJS sending
DL - Selecting services, finding shops/dealers
4. Who will be responsible for each part of deliverable #1:
 Arti - An overview of the intended application and why you feel it's valuable;
Trace - A set of detailed screen-by-screen design layouts with annotations describing all UI/UX components and all data relevant to the screen 

Plan: 

1. Application start - Login/Signup page
Signup Page


PROJECT TITLE: Auto Maintainance

PROJECT DESCRIPTION:
This app is for scheduling maintainance request for car. As a user, I should have abilitiy to schedule maintainance for my car from available dealers.
We want user to login/sign for scheduling maintainance request.
User can add his car details - Make, Model, year,Mileage 
User can select from available dealer around his area.
user can choose time slot from Selected dealer and confirm appointment 
This app also have option to login/sign up for dealers. Dealers can add services and time slots with Pick-up/drop off facility availability.

USER STORY:
<strong>Login As A User: </strong>
GIVEN a site
WHEN I visit the site for the first time
THEN I am presented with the login/sign-up button with option to select as User/Dealer
WHEN I click on Sign-up button with User option 
THEN ASK for username, firstname, lastname, password, address, phone number 
WHEN I click on Sign-up button
THEN check for validation and account is created
WHEN I click on Login button
THEN ASK for username , password , submit button
WHEN click on submit button
THEN user is logged in and main page is open 
Main Page

WHEN Main is shown
USer should have option to add his car - make,modal,year and options to schedule maintainance
WHEN car details is added
THEN it should show available dealers
WHEN clicked on dealer 
THEN user can select service option , time, pick-up, drop-off, price
WHEN user clicks on submit 
THEN appointment is confirmed with pricing
WHEN user clicks on My Appointment button 
THEN it should see his appointment 
WHEN user clicks on My Profile button
THEN it should see his information - name, address, phone no

<strong>Login As A Dealer: </strong>
GIVEN a site
WHEN I visit the site for the first time
THEN I am presented with the login/sign-up button with option to select as User/Dealer
WHEN I click on Sign-up button for dealer
THEN ASK for username, firstname, lastname, password, address, phone number, service provided
WHEN I click on Sign-up button
THEN check for validation and account is created
WHEN I click on Login button
THEN ASK for username , password , submit button
WHEN click on submit button
THEN dealer is logged in and My service page is open
WHEN dealer clicks on My Service
THEN dealer can add his services, price, availability 
WHEN dealer clicks on 'My Appointments'
THEN dealer can view his appointments


